add archive notice to the README (#126)
vcstools/rosinstall: README.rst

Archived
========

> This repositories has been archived since it has been unmaintained for a while and us not being used in the ROS project anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has been archived due to a lack of maintainance and no longer being used in the ROS project.
```

Author: Thanks for the improvement.
